[Docs]: Improve explanation about recycle bin (#15633)
pimcore/pimcore: doc/Development_Documentation/22_Administration_of_Pimcore/07_Users_and_Roles.md

* **Notes & Events**: Notes & Events are visible 
* **Objects**: objects tree is visible 
* **Predefined Properties**: User can create and modify predefined properties

> * **Recycle Bin**: User has access to recycle bin and see all deleted elements by anyone

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Recycle Bin**: User has access to the recycle bin and see all the deleted elements (even by other users).
```
